Fixes CheckBoxField title being read twice on Voice Over (#3802)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-checkbox/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ## 4.21.0 - (May 18, 2023)

Reviewer: This gets added automatically when releasing so we don't need to add this right now.
```suggestion
```

* Fixed

>   * Fixed issue - Form Checkbox Field - VO announces group and legend multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed issue with VO announcing group and legend multiple times.
```

>   * Fixed issue - Form Checkbox Field - VO announces group and legend multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed issue with VO announcing group and legend multiple times.
```

## Unreleased

* Fixed

>   * Fixed issue with VO announcing group and legend multiple times.

Author: i have made changes as per suggestions.
